1.Allow any number of users to enter a quantity and price at the keyboard (use ctl+z to stop). Use a function to compute the total (quantity times price). If quantity is over 1000 give a 10% discount. Display quantity, price and total for each entry. Keep a sum of the total for all the entries. Display the total after all entries have been entered. 2.Allow any number of players to enter last name,  number of hits and at bats at the keyboard (use ctl+z to stop). Use a function to compute batting average. Display last name and batting average for each player. Keep a count of the number of players (or entries) made. Display the count after all entries have been made. 3.Enter destination city, miles travelled to get there and gallons of gasoline used for any number of trips entered at the keyboard (use ctl+z to stop). Use a function to compute miles per gallon.  Display the destination city and miles per gallon for each trip entered. Sum the miles travelled and give a count of the number of trips made. Display these at the end of the program. 4.Allow the employee to enter last name,  job code and hours worked (use ctl+z to stop). Use a function to calculate pay. (Job code L is $25/hr, A is $30/hr and J is $50/hr). Give time and a half for overtime. Display last name, job code, hours worked and pay for each employee. Sum the pay for each employee as well as count the entries made. After all entries are made, compute and display the average pay and the number of entries made. 5.Allow the user to enter student last name, credit hours and district code for any number of students (use ctl+z to stop). Use a function to compute tuition owed. In district (code of I) is charged $250 per credit hour. Out of district (code of O) is $550 per credit hour. Display student name and tuition owed for each entry. Sum the amount of tuition owed for all students as well and the total credit hours taken and finally the number of students who entered data. Examples1.	Allow any number of students to enter their last name and the credits taken (use ctl+z to stop). Charge $250 per credit hour. Use a function to compute total tuition. Display student last name, credits taken and tuition owed. Sum tuition and give a count of the number of students who entered data. 2.	Any number of customers will enter a product code (W, C, G) and a quantity (ctl+z to stop). Use a function to compute the total but first determine the product cost per item. Display the product code and total for each entry. Sum and display the total of all entries made. Product Code	Unit Price       W		   $10.00       C		   $15.00       G		   $20.003.	Allow students to enter the department and course code as noted below for any number of courses (ctl+z to stop). Use a function to determine the lab fee also in the table below. For each entry display the department, course code and lab fee. Provide a sum of lab fees by department. Give the total of all lab fees to collect. Compute and display the average lab fee. Department	Course Code	Lab FeeCIS		101		$50.00CIS		121		$100.00MAT		111		$25.00MAT		112		$35.00ENG		100		$55.00All Others			$50.00